divided as foundation Buddhist schools and then Mahayana Buddhist schools and the Vayayana Buddhist
schools.
This is the essential practices of the Mahayana and Vayayana as two Vayayana.
So this is the practice, essential practice of the both practices that this is, that really
essential part of it.
And then Mahayana of course is a very popular terminology, you all know that.
But there is also mention, there is a seven wide Mahayana is called Mahayana.
There is seven different, can't relate, seven different points, max Mahayana as Mahayana.
I will list those seven and then we go a little bit over these, each of those.
And that is taught by the great master or the future Buddha.
Materia, Materia that was coming, that next Buddha and picked Buddha. And his teaching is called S
uttara-alaykara,
on the mantle of the Suttaras. And that teaching he said, and why is called Mahayana?
Because there will, again will, there will, or focal point.
The focal point is big, the focal point is big, or will is big.
Second, I will list and then I go a little bit over there.
Second is, their achievement or their activity is big, their activity is big.
And then third is, their wisdom is big, or the knowledge is big.
And the next one is, their endeavor, commitment is big.
And their, the skillful means is big. And next one is, their achievement is big.
And their, their beneficial activity is big. Now what happened? How many?
Is that all good? So don't have to be.
So now, fortunately their will is big, means that the Mahayana bodhisattva practitioner's will has
no boundaries.
Their purpose has no boundaries. Perclusive as dharmadhatu, space of dharmadhatu, every direction
there is no,
I mean, no really limitations, boundaries, boundaries, pervasive.
And therefore, and then the Peruvian bodhisattva is full, it's not, it's limited.
Limited. So therefore, it's called, it's big view of big focal points.
Second is, and then second is, their achievement or the fulfillment is big, big.
Because that during the process of the bodhisattva or the bodhisattva, they made it in the practice
,
they are fulfilling and they are working for benefit to one's own self and as well as all beings.
And others are more on the front than yourself.
Basic bodhisattva school or traditional bodhisattva school, not so purposeful of the old beings and
more individual,
personally purposeful. Therefore, their kind of fulfillment or their projection is, is big.
And the third one is, the wisdom is big. And this time, this bodhisattva, the Mahayana,
the wisdom, is the wisdom of the understanding of the emptiness, emptiness of the true egolessiness
status.
Many times I saw also, for those scholars last night, these two egolessiness are identities,
three identities, personal identities and phenomena identities. So both are empty.
And Mahayana, in the basic bodhisattva school, fundamental bodhisattva school,
more purposeful, personal identity as emptiness, emptiness.
So therefore, their, their wisdom is different, different.
And their joyful effort or the indial is also big because these bodhisattvas are not major to help
all the beings,
beings by the durations, by areas and by times.
Until they reach enlightenment, they have no hundred, like, boring or no tired or no timidly, but
continually carry that courage and commitment.
Many old beings put countless emails. And the foundation of the bodhisattva school is not their own
.
And the core of the teaching is until they reach in, like, Arhata books, which is, often some of
the teachings said,
to reach seven large times, or depend, but whatever. And those great Arhata during the Buddha, for
example,
Buddha, Shari Buddha, Mongol Buddha, Mahakashyapa, and all these great, these circles reach
enlightenment
within that lifetime, not just the lifetime, but instantly when they revolve or see the Buddha
and it is these simple teachings and they fully wake it up, completely wake up.
So it's so fast. That could be in the past, they're cognitively, they're bored, and then just a
powerful teacher
and they're kind of recoverable at it, they're radiant at the time, and instantly they've got Arh
ata books.
So that's it, they go.
And, then, this next one is Skirvamid. Skirvamid is, Skirvamid is the bodhisattva practitioner,
they're not deciding or wanting something, "Oh, I like to leave Samsara. Oh, I like to be in the d
harvana."
And so it's not something they desire. As long as they need it, they will stay.
And therefore, it is beyond Samsara, beyond the dharvana. Bodhisattva practitioner, all the Buddha
is beyond Samsara,
beyond the dharvana. Nirvana residing, residing.
And then, next one is the activities, great activities.
Buddhas benefit in order to get enlightenment to get involved in Mahayana, get enlightenment in
order to benefit and help with sentient beings.
So all, therefore, Buddhas, those enlightened beings, remain as long as Samsara is free and
benefited for all beings.
That, where they're helping is, what the teaching says, pervasive, continuation, and sub-continuous
.
Three different qualities are helping to all the sentient beings, the sub-continuous.
That means no effort, no effort. Post-fold have to do, sub-continuous.
And also that their activity, beneficial activity, is not divided by the time and areas.
The pervasive, every direction, Buddha, wherever they need it, wherever is ready,
Buddha's enlightenment, beneficial activity is reaching to every direction.
Then, it's not just for a short time, or one year, two years, or one year, it's forever,
continually, forever, until each making enlightenment.
So those are, the reason is called Mahayana.
And then, of course, you all know Mahayana. Maha is the big, and yana means the weakness.
It's a vehicle that was lifting, it lifted up so many beings to part of enlightenment.
So this is what we're going to explain in coming, that is, essence of that Mahayana, the path.
And then path, with that attitude, with that understanding, path is, then, of course, you all know.
Here it is, five paths, accumulation path, application path, seeing path, and meditation path, and
normal starting path.
Those are known as the five paths.
The accumulation path is at the beginning stage, beginning stage, something.
The quality of the accumulation path is their courage, their commitment, their willingness, their
devotion to dharma is uncheckable.
When you have that uncheckable, you continue to practice, meditate, follow the instruction, then
you may be,
then maybe, I'm not going to say you, maybe we are beginning to the beginning of the accumulation
path, accumulation path.
And the starting, learning, learning, learning, and for example, starting from the great meaning of
the absolute truth, such as,
so, kind of get that bit and aspire and practice very diligently with joy and really, like,
continually, like, practice.
That stage, and perform it also accumulation practice, like, meditation practices, happy to the
other beings,
supported to the community with good heart, with bodhicata, as I'm saying, good heart, but bodhic
ata, bodhicata,
really helping support your capability and also practicing and helping.
So, in activating your own capabilities by meditation practice and in outreaching that practice
meditation,
happy to the others as much as you can.
According your capabilities and according the readiness of others, honest with the gentle, peaceful
, soothing, no clashes, no clashes.
Something simple that, really, that's the way in the teaching series. So that's great.
But good heart, your courage in commitment, always the everlasting growing strong status, status,
that's what it is.
That is kind of the beginning of the application, the accumulation part.